projects/the-london-book-fair.md, before:

---
title: The London Book Fair
thumbnail: "../static/uploads/c0279e51944227.58ff649a8bbfb.jpg"
year: "2017"
categories:
- Branding

---
This project was created by [\[explicit\]](https://www.behance.net/explic_it), visit their Behance profile for more awesomeness.

![](/uploads/2fa1bd51944227.58ff75f34c58b.jpg)![](/uploads/52654851944227.58ff649a8e55a.gif)![](/uploads/6c6ab951944227.58ff669ae3061.jpg)![](/uploads/4367ab51944227.58ff649a8f19b.jpg)![](/uploads/2f988f51944227.58ff649a8cb06.jpg)![](/uploads/c421be51944227.58ff649a8eca7.jpg)![](/uploads/9bf4c251944227.58ff649a8c132.jpg)![](/uploads/29d12f51944227.58ff649a8a960.jpg)![](/uploads/e5f3f751944227.58ff649a8da1f.jpg)![](/uploads/1a775351944227.58ff9d22ebaa2.jpg)![](/uploads/f0076d51944227.58ff649a8df3e.jpg)![](/uploads/bea96951944227.58ff649a8a41c.jpg)![](/uploads/e9094b51944227.58ff649a8b6cc.jpg)![](/uploads/8ad53c51944227.58ff649a8f744.gif)![](/uploads/4bcb8551944227.58ff649a8b1fa.jpg)![](/uploads/eb723851944227.58ff649a8ae69.jpg)![](/uploads/961be751944227.58ff649a8e9e3.jpg)![](/uploads/57823a51944227.58ff669ae47a1.gif)![](/uploads/d37e6851944227.58ff669ae51a6.jpg)

Commit message:

Update from Forestry.io Luke Stoutenburg updated projects/the-london-book-fair.md Luke Stoutenburg updated src/data/theme.json

projects/the-london-book-fair.md, after:

---
title: Test Adjustment of Title
thumbnail: "../static/uploads/c0279e51944227.58ff649a8bbfb.jpg"
year: "2017"
categories:
- Branding

---
This projecasdfasdf asdfasdfasd asdfasdf asdf asdf asdf asdf asdf t was created by [\[explicit\]](https://www.behance.net/explic_it), visit their Behance profile for more awesomeness.

![](/uploads/2fa1bd51944227.58ff75f34c58b.jpg)![](/uploads/52654851944227.58ff649a8e55a.gif)![](/uploads/6c6ab951944227.58ff669ae3061.jpg)![](/uploads/4367ab51944227.58ff649a8f19b.jpg)![](/uploads/2f988f51944227.58ff649a8cb06.jpg)![](/uploads/c421be51944227.58ff649a8eca7.jpg)![](/uploads/9bf4c251944227.58ff649a8c132.jpg)![](/uploads/29d12f51944227.58ff649a8a960.jpg)![](/uploads/e5f3f751944227.58ff649a8da1f.jpg)![](/uploads/1a775351944227.58ff9d22ebaa2.jpg)![](/uploads/f0076d51944227.58ff649a8df3e.jpg)![](/uploads/bea96951944227.58ff649a8a41c.jpg)![](/uploads/e9094b51944227.58ff649a8b6cc.jpg)![](/uploads/8ad53c51944227.58ff649a8f744.gif)![](/uploads/4bcb8551944227.58ff649a8b1fa.jpg)![](/uploads/eb723851944227.58ff649a8ae69.jpg)![](/uploads/961be751944227.58ff649a8e9e3.jpg)![](/uploads/57823a51944227.58ff669ae47a1.gif)![](/uploads/d37e6851944227.58ff669ae51a6.jpg)
